CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

## Contributor License Agreement

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Issues

All forms of feedback are welcome through issues - please follow the pre-defined templates where applicable.

## Pull Requests

Pull requests (PRs) to this repo require review and approval by the Azure Machine Learning team to merge.

Commit message:

refactor for 2.0 CLI preview (#276)
* saving

* minor edits

* fix link

* typos and readme edits

* edit

* edit

* merge main, edits

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## Contributor License Agreement

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Issues

All forms of feedback are welcome through issues - please follow the pre-defined templates where applicable.

## Pull Requests

Pull requests (PRs) to this repo are intended for internal team members.

### Adding a new (private) preview feature

A new preview feature should be self-contained in a subdirectory under [`previews`](previews). It must have an excellent `README.md` file at the root which gives an introduction to the feature and any steps required for trying it.

Markdown files may be used for more articles. It is strongly recommended to follow a similar format and style as required for public preview.

Examples should be PRed to https://github.com/Azure/azureml-examples.
